c:\users\vincent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\WpfApplication3.exe.config
c:\users\vincent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\WpfApplication3.exe
c:\users\vincent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\WpfApplication3.pdb
c:\users\vincent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\HelixToolkit.dll
c:\users\vincent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\HelixToolkit.Wpf.dll
c:\users\vincent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\HelixToolkit.pdb
c:\users\vincent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\HelixToolkit.xml
c:\users\vincent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\HelixToolkit.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\vincent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\HelixToolkit.Wpf.xml
c:\users\vincent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vincent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\vincent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\vincent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\vincent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\vincent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\vincent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3.g.resources
c:\users\vincent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\vincent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\vincent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3.exe
c:\users\vincent\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3.pdb
C:\Users\Vincent\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\Window1.g.cs
C:\Users\Vincent\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\Window1.baml
C:\Users\Vincent\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
C:\Users\Vincent\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
C:\Users\Vincent\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
C:\Users\Vincent\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
C:\Users\Vincent\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.DataGrid.dll
C:\Users\Vincent\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\Vincent\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Vincent\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Vincent\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Vincent\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Vincent\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Vincent\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Vincent\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Vincent\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Vincent\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Vincent\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WpfApplication3\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\RoboUtes\3D-Arm\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\WpfApplication3.exe.config
C:\RoboUtes\3D-Arm\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\RoboUtes\3D-Arm\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\RoboUtes\3D-Arm\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\RoboUtes\3D-Arm\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\RoboUtes\3D-Arm\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\RoboUtes\3D-Arm\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\WpfApplication3.exe
C:\RoboUtes\3D-Arm\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\WpfApplication3.pdb
C:\RoboUtes\3D-Arm\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\HelixToolkit.dll
C:\RoboUtes\3D-Arm\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\HelixToolkit.Wpf.dll
C:\RoboUtes\3D-Arm\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\HelixToolkit.pdb
C:\RoboUtes\3D-Arm\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\HelixToolkit.xml
C:\RoboUtes\3D-Arm\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\HelixToolkit.Wpf.pdb
C:\RoboUtes\3D-Arm\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\HelixToolkit.Wpf.xml
C:\RoboUtes\3D-Arm\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\RoboUtes\3D-Arm\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3.g.resources
C:\RoboUtes\3D-Arm\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\RoboUtes\3D-Arm\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\RoboUtes\3D-Arm\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3.exe
C:\RoboUtes\3D-Arm\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\WpfApplication3.pdb
C:\RoboUtes\3D-Arm\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\Resources\base4.obj
C:\RoboUtes\3D-Arm\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\Resources\elbow3.obj
C:\RoboUtes\3D-Arm\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\Resources\shoulder3.obj
C:\RoboUtes\3D-Arm\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\Resources\shoulder5.obj
C:\RoboUtes\3D-Arm\WpfApplication3\bin\Debug\Resources\Newarmhand2.obj
C:\RoboUtes\3D-Arm\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\3DArm.g.cs
C:\RoboUtes\3D-Arm\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\RoboUtes\3D-Arm\WpfApplication3\obj\Debug\3DArm.baml
